interesting thing about this movie this
movie shifted schedule some actor
availability dropped so and so forth
and Star Wars pushed I don't know if you
know this but created some additional
availability so I was able to start this
really really exciting superhero project
that's my next thing and although yeah
it's awesome and the directors here I
want to bring him out
[Applause]
however
happy birthday I'm thrilled to be here
thank you I love white guys with beards
I came here with the question what is it
Jimmy Kimmel um are you familiar that is
a comic book I drew when I was about
nine years old I think ten years old
yeah yeah and you drew all the
illustrations I did I drew it and I
wrote it yeah you know all the like all
the characters words I know all the care
why don't you like give us a little
muscle man and color kid they're the
main heroes yeah there's this is
ridiculous lucky lad who was like a
leprechaun which one's lucky laughs he's
the one with the gold oh yeah of course
yeah main strom forgive let's see super
duck which was kind of like my version
of Howard the Duck I don't know why I
also chose a duck Speier who was a guy
who was like a point on his head aspire
a collar kid was the best though because
he had all the powers of the rainbow
really yeah which are really none who
had this through this piece is like the
bad guy
the bad guy what was his name again uh I
forgot his name but he's got was
dominant breasts was it mr. bolt mr.
bolt yeah mr. bolter pull through
various sources and the characters like
they really spoke to me they did yeah
and they demanded to be brought to life
Oh No yeah so I I took this exact look I
didn't I didn't change a word
we spent 250 million dollars the
world-premiere the exclusive trailer of
Jimmy Kimmel's the terrific 10 between
the terrific and the terror to be under
my control
sources confirm the supervillain known
as dr. bolt is plotting to literally
destroy the earth and wishes to invite
muscle man to do battle now what's the
plan muscle man assemble the team super
duck top speed that's the only speed
[Applause]
we a terrific tip color kid my sidekick
Color Me
ready super duck released a Kraken
fire-god weapons who wants to go
clubbing
Mergen god of wonders
abracadabra you're a burka dad maybe
from God of whether it's gonna be Cloudy
with a Chance of justice and delight
all's well that ends well lucky lad
feeling lucky
super Sal silent but deadly laser laughs
I'm the lady woman I'd need muscle man
king of the superheroes I am a man with
muscles
dr. bolts I got your invitation hope you
don't mind I brought a +9
[Applause]
this control activates my atomic bomb
which can destroy the entire Earth well
then don't hit that button and now I
shall unleash the most terrible of my
terrible ten behold the bleach master
what's up
really a box of bleach oh and you're so
great what do you have the power of a
gym membership he's got multiple gym
memberships
I'm sorry remind us again what your
power is I have all the powers of the
rainbow oh so what you skittles I put
smiles on people's faces okay man okay
wait what's happening what about super
duck he's super sucks no I don't I can
fly
what about leprechaun Elvis over there
was that even supposed to mean
made you look stupid quiet please I look
like a yoga instructor boned up claw
machine everybody shut up we all suck
and you know why we were created by a
weird sad kid who grew to later become a
weird fat man
you know
very good job and he didn't even draws
genitalia
the best gift I ever got unbelievable
Thank You JJ Abrams thank you Ben
Affleck muscle man I imagine myself in
that role but you are on the Justice
League opens Friday we'll be right back
but I don't know what thanks for
watching if you liked that subscribe to
our YouTube channel for all the latest
videos and if you didn't subscribe
anyway it's free who cares